README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/88053790" alt="logo" height="150"/>
</p>
<h3 align="center">
  🧘 Hey Linda
</h3>
<p align="center">
  A free forever meditation app built with React Native.
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3059371/127218639-9b801064-97df-4eb6-9518-94b09c42e031.jpg" alt="banner" />
</p>

## Features

- meditate
- track progress
- dark mode
- more than 100+ meditations
- current streak
- calendar activity
- time listened

## Install

To install the project, navigate to the directory and run:

- `yarn global add expo-cli`
- `yarn install`

## Run

To run the project, run the following commands:

- `yarn android`
- `yarn ios`

## Contribute

You can contribute to Hey Linda by beta testing, recording, or submitting code. 

## Join Us On

<a href="https://join.slack.com/t/heylinda/shared_invite/zt-to976i3o-qPBT6C~pU0QjyMeMgvMVYQ"><img src="docs/images/logos/slack.gif" height="50px"/></a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/heylindabot"><img src="docs/images/logos/facebook.png" height="50px"/></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/heylindahq"><img src="docs/images/logos/twitter.png" height="50px"/></a>

Commit message:

docs: update contribution section in README (#12)

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/88053790" alt="logo" height="150"/>
</p>
<h3 align="center">
  🧘 Hey Linda
</h3>
<p align="center">
  A free forever meditation app built with React Native.
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3059371/127218639-9b801064-97df-4eb6-9518-94b09c42e031.jpg" alt="banner" />
</p>

## Features

- meditate
- track progress
- dark mode
- more than 100+ meditations
- current streak
- calendar activity
- time listened

## Install

To install the project, navigate to the directory and run:

- `yarn global add expo-cli`
- `yarn install`

## Run

To run the project, run the following commands:

- `yarn android`
- `yarn ios`

## Contribute

You can contribute to Hey Linda by beta testing, recording, or submitting code.
If you plan to make a contribution please open an issue first to discuss the
bug or feature. You can also join us on Slack to discuss ideas.

## Join Us On

<a href="https://join.slack.com/t/heylinda/shared_invite/zt-to976i3o-qPBT6C~pU0QjyMeMgvMVYQ"><img src="docs/images/logos/slack.gif" height="50px"/></a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/heylindabot"><img src="docs/images/logos/facebook.png" height="50px"/></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/heylindahq"><img src="docs/images/logos/twitter.png" height="50px"/></a>
